all right so this is the Lenovo Legion
five review this is actually the 5i but
there's two variants a 5 and a 5 I and
the difference being one is AMD one is
Intel I have the Intel version but the
the experience and the hardware is gonna
be vastly similar between the two now
this has to be one of the most
anticipated gaming laptops for 2020
because of its original price point that
they now it's supposed to be like I
think eight or nine hundred bucks at the
base price so it's a very interesting
device and the predecessor to this the
y5 40 was a very well reviewed device
and this is just like the 20/20 version
they've tweaked a whole bunch of stuff
but there is there stuff you should be
aware of going into this particular
purchase ok so let's start with the
design this has been changed ever so
slightly in terms of its design
aesthetic it's very clean and mature
looking like it doesn't have any kind of
gamer accents this is probably the least
gamer looking gaming laptop on the
market I really like it's even cleaner
than like a razor blade because there's
no snake logos and stuff like that it's
just like a very simple top lid and a
very simple inside which we'll get to in
a second now on the top they've changed
the Legion logo it doesn't light up
anymore it's also in a different
position from last year if I remember
correctly and there's also a new badge
of just like a metal insert that just
says Lenovo now the whole laptop feels
well built it's plastic but it feels
durable there is this weird thing I got
a bunch of emails from you guys in
regards to the hinge I can't see any
issues with it in fact I think it's the
same hinge design as the 540 and 570
from last year which were great so I
just imagine these would be good as well
you watch me eat my words in a few years
when these things explode in people's
faces I think they're they're good
though ok I didn't mention earlier but
the Legion logo has like a bit of a
iridescent shimmer to it it's faint but
is there
alright the display so here we have a
144 Hertz 1080p panel it's pretty fast
for gaming it's bright its color
accurate I like the screen a lot it is
however an upgraded panel the base panel
is a 60 Hertz screen which you know if
you're getting a gaming laptop like this
I'd go for a higher
first screen but there's also this third
option of a 120 Hertz lower brightness
screen which I personally do not
recommend I haven't seen the one
specifically from Lenovo but it's listed
at 215 it and from my experience 215
it's is perfectly fine for just like
browsing the web and doing stuff but if
you're playing games it just doesn't
feel bright enough don't get that 250
NAT screen if you can avoid it I just
spend that extra money to get the 144
Hertz option the webcam this year has
been moved up from the bottom of the
screen to the top which is awesome and
they have a privacy filter this year so
you can hit this switch and it'll cover
up the webcam physically so technically
you would be more secure if you're
worried about that and I like this
feature I feel like more laptops in
general should have a physical cover
over the lens like an optional slide
like that it's simple but it's like it's
just a thing I think it's pretty cool
ok the keyboard I like the keyword in
general I think most people will like
this keyboard there is a number pad so
everything's that shifted over to the
left if you know symmetry bothers you
but I think lenovo does this often with
their kind of mid tier devices they just
include a number pad but the actual
keyboard experience is on point and it's
got white backlighting which looks
really clean the trackpad is nice it
doesn't have the dedicated physical
buttons like it did last year that's
like a the actual click is built to run
to the trackpad like a lot of other
gaming laptops but it's still a good
trackpad and oh my favorite part about
this keyboard the actual deck itself
it's this really nice soft touch
material and from what I've seen from
last year's material as well this stuff
holds up like I have a friend that has a
why 5:30 and I used to be concerned
about lenovo's materials kind of
becoming gummy or overtime but last
year's model held up and this feels
exactly the same to me so I think it's
gonna be a durable soft touch material
the performance on this machine is quite
good I'm running the six core Intel
processor within artix 2060 and it's the
regular 2060 not the max-q version so
it's just a little bit more powerful
than other competitors that are pushed
max-q devices this is a appropriately
cooled system it's nice to see and fans
don't get super loud and they also have
that keyboard shortcut so you can switch
between the performance modes so you can
go between like
and high-performance and quiet mode but
this year they have this colored LED in
the power button which lets you know
visually what mode you're in just by
looking at the power button now this
year they still don't have manual fan
control that's something I talked about
last year I wish that on a device like
this you could just control the fans by
yourself so if you're doing something
that requires better performs you can
just crank it up but you can't it's it
does a pretty good job just through
those three settings but I like my
manual alright so inside you have you
can see the do big fans they exhaust at
the back and the sides with a nice heat
pipe or a good thermal system the SSD
Wi-Fi card and the two RAM slots are
behind two shrouds but remove those and
you have access to them and the battery
is not particularly big it's a 60 watt
hour battery very similar battery life
to last year's I'm getting three and a
half hours on this which it's to be
expected it's a smaller battery I do
think that there is a option for a
larger battery but then it just removes
the the SATA cage so you just get a
slightly bigger battery but no hard
drive I did notice that there seems to
be room for a second nvme like if you've
removed the hard drive cage that just
seems to be this perfect amount of space
for a secondary nvme which is I've never
actually seen something like this where
the space seems like so well engineered
that if you remove the hard drive cage
there's now room for the nvme to slot in
it's pretty cool alright so that is the
internal of the system there's speakers
on the left and right they sound like
gaming laptop speakers not terrible but
they're not great ports on this device
so the vast majority of ports on these
lenovo lgion devices are on the back of
the machine which I really like keeps
the whole thing clean the USB C port
does not support the normal three so if
you need it you don't have access to
that but there's four USB a s so there's
two on the back and one on each side so
this healthy dose of use BA on the
system alright so this is a pretty solid
system overall now if you remember in
the beginning of this video I mentioned
that the starting price of this thing
supposed to be like 850 or $900 it is
but there's a bit of there's a bit of a
twist to that that pricing only applies
to the Rison AMD versions
and once you speck this thing out with
an Intel chip it's quite expensive it's
actually more expensive than I thought
it would be this feels like it's a I
don't know 150 200 bucks more than it
should be and here's the thing Lenovo
stuff goes on sale very frequently we're
not talking like special Black Friday
and back-to-school stuff it's just
constantly on sale so you just need to
be diligent and look at the pricing of
this stuff and catch it when it is on
sale because if you buy this thing at
full retail price I don't think it's
really worth the money like it's okay
it's just not great value if you do get
it on sale though I think this is a
great get so yeah you just make sure you
purchase this thing on sale if you can
now there is a second device I want to
talk about because if you're interested
in the lgion 5 you're probably
interested in this thing as well this is
the Lenovo IdeaPad gaming 3 it's a bit
of a weird name this had like a
different moniker last year but this is
the the 2020 version and this is also
like a eight $900 device I was going to
do a review on this but I decided to
wait for this thing to come in before I
even talked about this because here's
the thing I don't think this is worth
getting because of the existence of this
machine this is a inferior product in
basically every manner it's not as well
built it has worse performance it has
worse thermals it's got a smaller
battery a dimmer screen the list goes on
the idea gaming pad 3 is an inferior
product to the lgion 5 it is cheaper by
like 150 bucks but if you run the market
for something like this and you just
can't afford this one you can't afford
the IdeaPad save up until you can pick
this one up because just a better
product that I think will even last
longer because of the improved thermal
performance over this guy ok hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs if you loved it I'll see you
guys next time
[Music]